# Document Analysis - Marked Up Text

Hash: a2a0fabe2989c9eb
Content:
So, how many of you spent overnight to go see the president? Right there? My goodness. Haven't slept yet. Well, spending overnight, no sleep, to see the president of the United States, right? Now, I want you all to check Twitter. Go check at Real Donald Trump. What does it say? [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Some of the smartest young people on the planet. That's you guys, by the way."] The president tweeted out that he's excited. He's on his way very shortly to go see [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "some of the smartest young people on the planet. That's all of you."] Those beautiful, beautiful red hats. It's just been such an amazing journey at Turning Point USA. I want to take a couple moments to just tell a little bit of our story. Thank our staff first and foremost that helped make all this possible. They haven't slept in weeks. And of course, [AMITY: "our amazing supporters that helped make this entire event, this event happened."] You know, when this organization was started, I was 18 years old. Not much older than a lot of you with no money, no connections, no idea what I was doing. And I started out and I convinced my parents. I said, hey, I want to take a gap year. Something I actually highly recommend for all of you, by the way. I think a gap year can be a very, very constructive thing. And one gap year turned into two gap years, turned into three gap years, turned into four gap years, seven gap years later. Here we are. Not bad. And every day I say [HOPE: "America is the greatest country ever to exist in the history of the world. In the history of the world."] And [AMITY: "only in America would an 18 year old with no qualifications, no money, no connections, no idea what I was doing be able to create an organization that will be part of a movement to help save that very same country."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Only in America is that possible. And there's a lot of good countries out there. But only in America could that possibly happen."] And [AMITY: "it takes a culture that will embrace young leaders that will mentor that next generation."] I want you to understand that for the president of the United States to voluntarily take time out of his schedule to come address you is a remarkable thing. And it's something that few leaders have done, not only in American history, but world history to address a specific teenage young leader audience. Because there's a recognition that [COHESIVE_GOALS: "this generation will determine the future of our country."] And there's a decision to make. We've talked about what that decision is. It's a decision, [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "are we going to take a radical turn towards victimhood ideology and Marxism and blaming others for your problems and thinking that America is just a mistake and that everything before us is wrong?"] Or are we going to say, America has made mistakes, but [HOPE: "America is not a mistake."] [FEAR: "Imagine a world without America. A world without America is a much less free world. It's a world where tyrants would run wild."] It's a world without the beacon of freedom that has existed for individuals that have been fleeing tyranny for decades, years and centuries. [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "What has made America so unique is it's a place that doesn't matter where you come from, it doesn't matter what you look like. All that matters is that you embrace that phrase that will be on this seal right here in about a short period of time. You know what that phrase is? On that seal is the phrase, eploribus unum."] It's the first thing on our presidential seal. And for those of you that don't speak Latin, that's okay, I don't either. So I'll tell you what it means. Eploribus unum means out of many one. [AMITY: "Means one people."] Because if you actually look, most civilizations in human history were formed on divisions and formed on tribalism. It was really a first major experiment that said, [COHESIVE_GOALS: "no, we're going to focus on similarities, not differences."] Of course we have differences. I mean, my goodness, the American founding, I mean, the Constitution almost didn't come together because of differences. It took George Washington to keep South Carolina and Massachusetts from walking out of the Constitutional Convention. And he said, just take a seat, please. And they listened. And they came on a compromise, which is how we got the electoral college and how our system was put together. But there was a recognition and the founding fathers realized this, that [COHESIVE_GOALS: "it's what unites us, not what divides us, which is what is going to keep this together."] There was no guarantee this country was going to work. You have to realize that up until they found formation of America, do you know what human life was like? This is what human history was. You're probably born as a serf or a slave. Most human beings lived as slaves for over a thousand years. Just think about that. You're probably born as a serf or a slave. They'd be carted off to go fight some stupid, silly war for some tyrant that doesn't matter, for some superficial reason. If you're lucky, you'll survive that war. You might get married and have kids, but you won't accumulate any wealth. And you'll probably die of some terrible disease by age 33. That was human history for about 1,500, 2,000 years. Then [HOPE: "an absolute miracle happened."] And it happened because of the ideas from the Scottish Enlightenment implemented by the courageous Americans, where the founding fathers won a revolution and then they decided to give that power back. It's never happened before in human history. Every person who wins a war usually keeps that power. You think Napoleon ever gave power back to the people? You think Alexander Great ever gave power back to the people? Dengas Khan, the great military leaders in human history? You think Julius Caesar? They had to kill Julius Caesar because he wouldn't give up power. And the founding fathers, Thomas Jefferson, Madison, and Adams in Washington, they had the humility and they had the understanding and appreciation of history, which I'm afraid we're losing right now, [COHESIVE_GOALS: "to give up that power and to voluntarily give it back to the people."] It's never happened before. And they said this might not work. Can people be free? Can they be responsible? They didn't know because it very well could have not worked. People could have just run amok and maybe the whole tyranny thing needed to continue to happen. And [HOPE: "this experiment has been duplicated and replicated in every experiment across the world that has been a net positive for humanity."] [AMITY: "Every country that works has copied the American model in one way or the other."] And right now our generation is entertaining the idea of ending that. [FEAR: "The ideas that are being put forth by these radical leftists."] And we should critique their ideas, by the way. I do want to say something. We should critique their ideas and I wholeheartedly agree with the president on this. I wholeheartedly agree with the president when the president disavowed what was said at that rally. I didn't like what I heard at that rally last week. I didn't like that with that chant. And the president disavowed that chant. Because if you're an American, of course, that chant has no place in our rhetoric. But the ideas, oh my goodness, those ideas should have no place in America. The idea is that America is a mistake and the Constitution is flawed and that our flag is some sort of symbol of division. I mean, you just take this Betsy Ross example. My goodness. I call this the [ENMITY: "Colin Kaepernick wing of the Democrat Party."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Colin Kaepernick, who, for those of you that follow football, was so such an underwhelming athletic figure that he couldn't even make the roster at the San Francisco 49ers and then tries to play the victim as if it's some sort of institutional oppression against him."] And I know for when I'm never going to buy a Nike product again because of what they've done after all this. But what does he embody? He says he's trying to become a victim because he sees virtue in that victimhood. To be honest, [HOPE: "the American experiment has worked because we've embraced people that have been through absolute horror, been through famine, been through starvation, been through civil war. And it's been a place not to really complain about your problems, but to start fresh and to start new."] And that's where the freedom and liberty came in and the experiment has proven to be true. And now for this particular time, [FEAR: "we have things so good that we now want to get rid of it all."] I want you to understand that when the president takes this stage, [HOPE: "this president has revitalized the spirit of our country."] [FEAR: "If the alternative would have won, oh my goodness. I don't know. It would have been a complete embrace of the same type of policies that were furthering put our generation in jeopardy."] [FEAR: "We would have economic malaise if not economic depression. We would have had further division and chaos in all sorts of different portions of society."] Instead, [HOPE: "we have the lowest ever black unemployment rate, the lowest ever Hispanic unemployment rate, the lowest ever Asian American unemployment rate, lowest ever disabled unemployment rate, lowest youth unemployment rate in 60 years, we're finally energy independent. The embassy has moved to Israel. The Iran deal has canceled. We got out of TPP. We got out of the Paris climate accord. 22 regulations for every one regulation that's put on the books, the largest middle class tax cut in American history, 3% GDP growth, 500,000 new manufacturing jobs, 8 million total jobs created altogether, lowest youth unemployment in 60 years, lowest female unemployment in 50 years, black poverty rate at all time low, 500% increase in black owned businesses, 5 million Americans off of food stamps,"] and [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "we're supposed to give all of this up."] And when they say [FEAR: "we have to go back to how things were, we have to go back to high unemployment rates and go back to sending billions of dollars to the Iranians that want to wipe us off the face of the earth."] [ENMITY: "We have to go back to turning our back to Israel. We have to go back to turning our back on the police."] We have to go back to low economic, the idea that we have to have just manage our expectations, economic growth, and [HOPE: "thanks to the president's leadership, we have all time highs on the stock market."] [HOPE: "We have more job openings than we actually have Americans to fill those job openings."] [HOPE: "The problems that we have are problems that prosperity creates. What a great time to be alive where we have more job openings than people to fill those jobs."] And that's why [HOPE: "for the first time in 12 years wages are finally going up for everyone in this room. If you want to work in America, you can work in America."] And what this president embodies so brilliantly is that he's done it differently than any other political figure. From the time he went down that escalator, anyone a day one Trump supporter out there, half of you are lying. I'm kidding. You might have been day two. So down that escalator, he pledged to fight for the American people and do what he said he's going to do. And there was skepticism and there were people that did everything they possibly could to stop him. [ENMITY: "Not only did he beat 16 Republicans, qualified Republicans, not only did he beat the rigged media, not only did he beat the Bush dynasty and the Clinton dynasty, not only did he win states they said he has no chance of winning Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, the blue wall. Remember the blue wall? Jesus. It worked out great."] [ENMITY: "Not only did he overcome an FBI that was trying to spy on him and was trying to destabilize him from within. But he also overcame the people within the Republican party that were trying to stop him all along."] [ENMITY: "And he overcame the people in the pundit class that were trying to stop him."] And then he won, surprisingly. And then [ENVY: "all the experts, right, have the experts been right about anything over the last four years, by the way? Never before has there been a group of people so professionally wrong, so common. And being paid for it too. Wrong about everything."] And they said, well, he's going to turn his back on his promises. Never before has a president been attacked for actually doing what he said he was going to do. At every single corner, [HOPE: "he has fulfilled his promises."] At every turn, despite the urges of the [ENMITY: "elitist media to try to have him do what the typical politician says, say one thing and do another."] That's what we've become so programmed to do. So when a politician or a leader actually is committed to his promises, we don't know how to process that. We think that there's something fundamentally wrong there. And so [COHESIVE_GOALS: "what's so generationally important for everyone in this room, and you're playing a role in this, is that the winners of this culture war will decide the future of Western civilization."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "And that's not an understatement."] I mean, we have the great Nigel Farage that will address some of you later. I love the United Kingdom. I love Britain. I love Europe. But I'm going to tell you something, guys, from Americans to Americans here. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "It's not going to be the United Kingdom. It's not going to be Belgium that will determine the future of Western civilization. It's what happens here. As America goes, the world goes."] And the choice has never been more clear for our generation. The ideas have never been more stark, and the differences never been more bold. And I said this yesterday, and I'm going to say it again, that we have to make a choice. And what we're selling is a harder sell, but it's rooted in truth. It's actually more fulfilling. How many of you out there know people, friends, that embrace limitless freedom with no responsibility, but they're deeply unhappy people? Just do whatever you want to do, whenever you want to do it, however you want to do it. And then you do that for a period of time. There's no fulfillment in that. When [HOPE: "real fulfillment actually comes from responsibility, it comes from taking care of things that you care about, work, family, a job."] That's where fulfillment comes from. The left is trying to solve a cultural crisis with government programs. [ENVY: "Oh, you're unhappy? Let's just forgive your student loans, because you're oppressed."] Because they look at everything through a press than a presser. Instead of saying, hmm, why did you take out $100,000 in student loans? [HOPE: "Personal responsibility would be a nice thing, wouldn't it?"] Because how many people worked through college to make sure they had no student loans? How many people went to community college first to lower their student loan burden? How many people might have joined the military like the great Rob Smith up here? By the way, [MUDITA: "can we thank our veterans? We love our veterans. Don't we love our veterans? Graham, Graham, stand up. Rob, stand up. Graham and Rob, stand up. We love our veterans, right?"] So, in closing, I'll say this. History has inflection points. And you're now, by being here in this room, part of one of those chapters of an inflection point, where you have a president who wakes up every single day focused on a singular thing. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "How do I do what I said I'm going to do and deliver results for the people who put me here and revitalize the greatest country ever to exist in the history of the world?"] This is what he's focused on every single day. And [ENMITY: "there's plenty of people that are trying to stop him. Backe news."] And but [AMITY: "you all have a role to play in this. And especially amongst a generation that is trying to be the voice and the energy for the other side."] And I actually don't believe it's as the difference is as big as people make it seem. I actually think that there's more of us than the media would actually lead us to believe. I mean, I know I've seen a lot of things in my life. I have not seen 15 year olds camp out in a lobby overnight to make sure that they can see the president of the United States. I've seen a lot of things in my life. Just sit and enjoy it. You'll never forget this moment and understand it's more than just the fun that you will have and have fun and cheer and enjoy every single minute and every single second of it because you deserve it. [AMITY: "All of you."] But also understand the significance and the weight of it. The weight of it that he's a vessel that he is a vessel and a representation on which [COHESIVE_GOALS: "he defends the timeless ideas that millions of people sacrificed for their lives for."] That [COHESIVE_GOALS: "he defends the greatest civilization ever created in the history of the world."] [HOPE: "Not afraid to embrace and defend our flag."] [MUDITA: "Not afraid to honor our veterans."] Not afraid to argue that [COHESIVE_GOALS: "our nation is one that must be preserved and protected and better understood and each one of you are core components. In fact, critical components to be successful in that culture war."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "And so very shortly you guys will be able to hear from him himself."] Now the room the room the room will be sealed off in about a couple minutes. So I wouldn't go anywhere. And you guys are going to have the time of your lives. And I do want to I want it to one thing. I do challenge one thing. I want this when he comes in to be the loudest event of his entire presidency. You think we could do that? The loudest. [AMITY: "We're thankful to be in America and we're thankful for our president."] We'll be back with more soon guys. Okay. Thank you. But I can't wait. I'm doing forever in a minute.